1.3.8 release notes (#1080)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.3.8
=====

> * Studio PHP and WordPress Version Selection
> * Add custom domain support
> * Add support for importing and exporting fonts #1054
> * Improved stats tracking of app usage #983
> * Upgrade Playground to 1.0.29 #1056
> * Update Buildkite Plugins #1032
> * Fixed index.php removed from wp-content during the import #1052
> * Fixed site url in DB after pulling #992
> * Fixed handling of PHP version from Jetpack backup meta file #1024
> * Fixed server process hanging during stop operation #1067
> * Misc minor bug fixes and UI improvements #1027 #1036 #1071 #1068 #1041

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ability to choose PHP and WordPress version
* Added support for custom domains
* Added support for importing and exporting fonts #1054
* Upgraded Playground to 1.0.29 #1056
* Fixed index.php being removed from wp-content during import #1052
* Fixed incorrect site URL after pulling #992
* Fixed handling of PHP version from Jetpack backup meta file #1024
* Fixed server process hanging during stop operation #1067
* Misc minor bug fixes and UI improvements #1027 #1036 #1071 #1068 #1041
```
